==Index==
 * [http://code.google.com/p/gfplus/ Main Page]
 * [plans Plans]
 * [Specials Upgrades, Special items, and Special Weapons]
 * How to play

=Introduction=
GMForts is a unique gamemode for Garrys Mod that is based around the simple, yet complex, aspect of building bases and assaulting your enemies' bases. This section is designed to give new players a solid base of knowledge on which to play GMForts with.

=Gametypes=
There are currently two gametypes for GMForts: Assault and Capture The Flag. Each has its own unique playing style and strategies for winning. CTF is more attuned towards fast-paced action and quick fire-fights on smaller maps, while Assault is much more strategic and has large maps designed for longer skirmishes.

||*Name*||*Description*||
||Assault||Players start out with one control point from which they must branch out and capture additional control points. One team wins when they capture all of the control points and eliminate all enemy players. Spawners are located at each checkpoint.||
||Capture The Flag||Players begin in a designated area of the map and must build up their base in that area to protect their flag, and attack enemy bases as to steal their flag and bring it back to their base to score. The winner is decided by which team has the most points once the time left reaches 0. Spawners are located at each team's base.||

=Constructing a Base=
Constructing a base is critical to your success because it provides a safe place to spawn and defends a certain area or object such as your flag, (in CTF) or a control point (in Assault). 

===Spawners===
There will be special 'spawners' located at your starting location and in the case of Assault, at each control point. These are critical for making your base because they spawn the blocks used to construct it. These spawners are fixed in place at certain locations such as the control points in Assault, but there is a Special Item called a Deployable Spawner that can be deployed anywhere and gives you access to the basic building blocks.