Our plans for [GMForts]

= Introduction =
This page contains details on what the current plans for [GMForts] are. These are only ideas so this page is subject to frequent change.

=Plans=
These are our plans for what GMForts will contain once it has been completed

==Gametypes==
At the moment, there are two types of gametypes that we are planning on implementing.

||*Name*||*Description*||
||Assault||Players start out with one control point from which they must branch out and capture additional control points. One team wins when they capture all of the control points and eliminate all enemy players.||
||Capture The Flag||Players begin in a designated area of the map and must build up their base in that area to protect their flag, and attack enemy bases as to steal their flag and bring it back to their base to score. The winner is decided by which team has the most points once the time left reaches 0.||

==Upgrades and Special Items==
Upgrades and special items will be purchased using Upgrade Points that each member of a team earns under certain circumstances.

===Circumstances when UP is earned===

*Assault:* Every minute that a control point in Assault is held, 1 UP is awarded to a team's score. So if you hold 3 control points for a minute, your team gains 3 UP.

*CTF:* When you or a member of your team takes a flag in CTF, you gain 1 UP. If you or your team then captures that flag, then you gain an additional 4 UP for a total of +5 UP.

===Upgrades===
||Name||Effect||Notes||Maximum Level||
||Health Upgrade||Adds 25 to your maximum health||Useful for surviving an assault on an enemy base or defending against 1-hit sniper kills. Can be combined with Armor and Weapon Upgrades to become a 'Juggernaught'.||4||
||Armor Upgrade||Adds 25 to your maximum armor||Useful for surviving an assault on an enemy base or defending against 1-hit sniper kills. Can be combined with Health and Weapon Upgrades to become a 'Juggernaught'.||4||
||Weapon Upgrade||Increases the damage your weapons inflict
(varies from weapon to weapon)||Usefull for taking out people with health and/or armor upgrades. Can be combined with Health and Armor Upgrades to become a 'Juggernaught'||2||
||Speed Upgrade||Increases your movement speed||Very useful for running across the map quickly and getting past obstacles such as crawltunnels set up to deter attackers by reducing the speed at which they walk and making them an easy target.||4||

[http://code.google.com/p/gfplus/ Project home]